Make flashing simpler with Pipenv (#130)
JelmerT/cc2538-bsl: README.md

Before uploading your image make sure you start the boot loader on the SoC (`select` + `reset` on CC2538DK).
You can find more info on the different options by executing `python cc2538-bsl.py -h`.

#### Pipenv

> If you are using Pipenv, you an flash a device with the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using Pipenv, you can flash a device with the following command:
```

```sh
pipenv run flash /path/to/CC2652RB_coordinator_20220219.hex
```

> **NOTE:** You can pass `-p /dev/cu.usbserial-1120` if your device is not auto-detected. Your `.hex` file path/name may be different.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE:** If your device is not auto-detected, you can choose the right one with the `-p` command-line option, for example: `-p /dev/cu.usbserial-1120` . Your `*.hex` file path/name may be different.
```
